c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\le\SmartHouse.exe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\be\SmartHouse.exe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\le\SmartHouse.pdb
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\be\SmartHouse.pdb
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\SmartHouse.exe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\SmartHouse.pdb
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\le\SmartHouse.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\le\SmartHouse.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\be\SmartHouse.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\be\SmartHouse.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.GasSense.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.TempHumidSI70.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.GasSense.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.TempHumidSI70.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.GasSense.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.TempHumidSI70.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\LE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\Gadgeteer.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.GasSense.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.TempHumidSI70.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Hardware.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\BE\GHI.Usb.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.dll
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.dll
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.dll
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.GasSense.dll
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.TempHumidSI70.dll
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.dll
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.dll
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.dll
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.pdb
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\Gadgeteer.xml
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GHIElectronics.Gadgeteer.FEZSpider.xml
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.DisplayT35.xml
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.GasSense.xml
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.TempHumidSI70.xml
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GTM.GHIElectronics.USBClientDP.xml
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GHI.Hardware.xml
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\bin\Debug\GHI.Usb.xml
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\obj\Debug\SmartHouse.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\obj\Debug\TinyCLR_DebugReferences.cache
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\obj\Debug\SmartHouse.Resources.resources
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\obj\Debug\SmartHouse.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\obj\Debug\SmartHouse.Resources.tinyresources
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\obj\Debug\TinyResGen.cache
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\obj\Debug\be\SmartHouse.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\obj\Debug\be\SmartHouse.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\obj\Debug\le\SmartHouse.pe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\obj\Debug\le\SmartHouse.pdbx
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\obj\Debug\SmartHouse.exe
c:\users\alfonsomartino\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\SmartHouse\SmartHouse\obj\Debug\SmartHouse.pdb
